welcome to the heroes spotlight
featuring the skeleton king leoric
hailing from the Diablo universe leoric
is a frontline bruiser with a unique kit
in his current form he touts an odd
mixture of damage control and mobility
some of his talents make leoric an
intense dive hero by supplementing his
survivability through actives and his
token life leaching abilities many
builds are sure to come when leoric hits
PvE but right now leoric is most
suitable as a tank frontline or even an
off tank should you decide to build a
bit more damage the Oryx gameplay is
very similar in style to both Tyrael and
a new Barak he has a good bit of
tankiness with his talents decent
mobility from his ski and can provide
supplemental damage and utility with the
rest of his kit undying is leoric's
passive trait ability when the orc is
slain on the battlefield he turns into a
spectral version of himself a wraith
players have control over li orc in his
wraith form and his death timer begins
while in undying new york still has
access to two of his abilities which
we'll delve into soon skeletal swing is
a frontal cleave that deals melee damage
and slows enemies hit by 40% it also
deals double damage to minions monsters
and structures skeletal swing is also
usable while in leoric's great form
ghastly swing slows enemies hit by 40%
but deals no damage drain hope is a
straight-line skill-shot that passes
through minions and structures and stops
at a certain range or when it hits an
enemy hero drain hope drains the enemies
HP over four seconds while the enemy
hero remains in range like skeletal
swing drain hope is usable and undying
however it deals no damage drain hope
reduces the Oryx movement speed by 20%
while an enemy is chained wraiths walk
and mobilizes leoric and makes him
unstoppable while actively Oryx spirit
appears with additional movement speed
wraith walk can be reactivated to
teleport leoric to the spirits location
unfortunately you cannot walk through
terrain or structures while in spirit
form but it is usable while stunned or
and ignores unit collision entomb
creates a wall of impassable terrain
around enemies for four seconds at a
medium range you can reactivate in tune
to drop the wall before it expires march
of the black king makes leoric
unstoppable while marching forward in a
straight line while walking leoric
swings his mace three times for massive
damage healing himself for 7% of his HP
for every enemy hit thanks for taking a
look at our heroes champion spotlight
featuring the skeleton king leoric are
you excited to try him out in the future
let us know in the comments below till
next time
enjoy the game